250,WEIGHT MANAGEMENT,3, "An introduction to weight management. Students will learn lifestyle and eating strategies that 
support a healthy weight. Social context for weight management and diverse cultural influences 
that contribute to weight gain will be examined. Students will apply lecture material to a case 
study or create a personal weight management plan throughout the semester." 
 
320,MEAL PREP & DIET PLANNING,3," 
Students will apply nutrition guidelines to plan healthy, well-balanced meals based on personal 
requirements and for healthy populations using public domain resources equipping students of 
various disciplines to guide others. Course material will focus on ingredient and nutrient 
diversity, and meal planning on a limited budget with minimal equipment. Students will learn 
eating strategies for lifelong wellness. Topics will include eating for heart health, fueling athletes, 
weight management and sustainable eating. Students will cook and taste foods prepared during 
some lectures that will occur in the nutrition and food science lab. Food safety will be a focus 
throughout."
 
330, MICRONUTRIENTS AND METABOLISM,3," 
This course delves into micronutrient consumption, digestion, absorption, distribution, and 
cellular metabolism in humans. Students will gain an in-depth understanding of the role of 
micronutrients in body function in health and disease. Course will include micronutrient rich diets 
and applying knowledge to personal lifestyle health practices. Emphasis will be placed on whole 
food nutrition and will also examine micronutrient supplement safety. 
 "
340, MACRONUTRIENTS AND METABOLISM (W),3,"This course delves into macronutrient consumption, digestion, absorption, distribution, and 
cellular metabolism in humans. Students will gain an in-depth understanding of the role of 
macronutrients in body function in health and disease. Course will include differentially balanced 
macronutrient diets and applying knowledge to personal lifestyle health practices."
ART 253,WOMEN IN THE ARTS,3,"This course offers an introduction to women's important and exciting participation and 
representation in the arts (visual art, music and literature) from a range of cultures and periods 
and in various media and forms. In addition to studying the creative works of women, our 
investigations will also address the ways gender identity is constructed in the arts, the 
conditions under which women have struggled and the ideologies and institutions that have and 
continue to shape women's relationships to the arts. C-4AR. LA-EAR."